Add template for 404 page (#1955)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/redirectingToCustom404Page.md

{% set title = "Redirecting to Custom 404 Page" %}
{% set filename = "redirectingToCustom404Page" %}

<frontmatter>
  title: "User Guide: {{ title }}"
  layout: userGuide.md
</frontmatter>

<span id="link" class="d-none">
<md>[_User Guide → {{ title }}_]({{ filename }}.html)</md>
</span>

# {{ title }}

<div class="lead" id="overview">

> Most popular static hosting service such as Netlify supports custom routing to a custom 404 html page. A default 404.md page is provided, and you can customise it to create your own 404 page.

Reviewer: Perhaps more details/hyperlinks can be included. You can reference the links given in the original issue to see the documentation for those static hosting services such as (e.g. [in Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/how-to/adding-common-features/add-404-page/), [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/templates/404/), [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/tutorials/custom-404-page/), [Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/routing/redirects/redirect-options/#custom-404-page-handling)) 

Some nits:

```suggestion
Most popular static hosting service such as Netlify supports custom routing to a custom 404 HTML page. A default `404.md` file is provided, and you can customize it to create your own 404 page.
```

> Most popular static hosting service such as Netlify supports custom routing to a custom 404 html page. A default 404.md page is provided, and you can customise it to create your own 404 page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many popular static hosting services, such as Netlify, support custom routing to a custom 404 html page. A default 404.md page is provided, and you can customise it to create your own 404 page.
```
